Add more information about styling tamagui ui components (#3011)
tamagui/tamagui: code/tamagui.dev/data/docs/intro/themes.mdx

---

### Styling Tamagui UI components

Tamagui comes in two parts: a core library and a full UI kit. The core library (`@tamagui/core`) is flexible and doesn't have many rules. But the full UI kit (`tamagui`) has some standard ways of doing things. This helps make everything work well together.

In the `tamagui` UI kit, all components use these main theme keys:

- `background`: for background colors
- `color`: for text colors
- `borderColor`: for border colors
- `shadowColor`: for shadow colors
- `placeholderColor`: for placeholder text colors (doesn't change when you interact with it)

It also uses special versions of these for when you hover, press, or focus on something. For example, `backgroundHover` or `colorPress`.

> Using these standard keys is a good idea. It makes it easier for different parts of your app to match and for other developers to understand your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These keys help standardize how you style components, and make for easy re-theming. They are also optional, if you find the theme system too complex for your use case, you can always just use plain old style props
```

...plus all the pseudo variants for each, eg, `backgroundHover`, `backgroundPress`, and `backgroundFocus`.

> This means that you can easily swap re-theme `tamagui`'s UI kit and your own components together, with light and dark mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that you can easily re-theme `tamagui`'s UI kit and your own components together in both light and dark mode.
```
